docs: add spacetastic story DOC-1332 (#4019)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/getting-started/aws/aws.md

---

Palette supports integration with [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com). You can deploy and manage
[Host Clusters](../../glossary-all.md#host-cluster) in AWS. The concepts you learn about in the Getting Started section
are centered around a fictional case study company. This approach gives you a solution focused approach, while
introducing you with Palette workflows and capabilities.

## 🧑‍🚀 Welcome to Spacetastic!

Spacetastic Ltd., our fictional example company, is on a mission to teach its users about space. They have assembled a

> team of bright minds who are passionate about astronomy and the universe. They are a start up that is gaining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
team of bright minds who are passionate about astronomy and the universe. They are a startup that is gaining
```

I've always seen this as one word when used in the sense of a new company.

> make astrophysics, the science of space, accessible to everyone."
>
> "I'm here to support you and your mission. I build all the dashboards, pages and features that bring your vast space
> knowledge to our users in a beautiful visual format!" says Wren, Founding Engineer.
>
> Kai smiles and nods. "I work closely with both Wren and Anya. As Platform Engineer, I ensure that our platform is
> reliable and scalable for everyone around the world, and beyond!"
>
> Meera, Head of Cybersecurity, is the final member of the Spacetastic team. "Let's not forget about the security of our
> platform. I make sure that our systems are designed and implemented with security in mind, the true SecDevOps way."

![Meet the Spacetastic team](/getting-started/getting-started_landing_meet-the-team.webp)

The team has deployed their services to a single cloud provider. They rely on Kubernetes for the reliability and
scalability of their systems. The team must ensure the systems are secure, patched regularly, scalable, and meet a
reliability SLA of at least 99% uptime. The following diagram presents an overview of their systems.

> ![Spacetastic system diagram](/getting-started/getting-started_landing_spacetastic-systems.webp)

Author: Sorted.

While the system architecture they have chosen was a great place to start, the team soon face common challenges that

> many growing organisations encounter with Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
many growing organizations encounter with Kubernetes.
```
